## Day 1 and 2
Following LOs should be covered:

- Enumerate the components of an ML pipeline
    - Reusable data exploration scripts
    - Reusable data prep
    - Reusable model training

- Build each component using standard python libraries:
    - Build reusable data exploration scripts
    - Build reusable data prep scripts
    - Build reusable model training scripts


## How to use the files?

You can create a new anaconda environment with relevant dependencies using the following commands

```shell
conda env create -f env.yaml
conda activate mlops
```
The instructor can start the discussion using [pre coded notebook](./notebooks/Data%20Scientist%20Notebook.ipynb). This has a sample code that a data scientist will generate. In the two days of discussion this notebook needs to be broken into [these scripts](./scripts/)


There is an [instructor notebook](./notebooks/D1.-D2ipynb) that can be used by the instructor to prepare the session.

A [student notebook](./notebooks/Learner_Notebook.ipynb) has a basic template that instructor can help a learner fill up.

Here is a brief description of the project structure

📦ml_operationalization
 ┣ 📂assets
 ┃ ┣ 📂data
 ┃ ┣ 📂exploration
 ┃ ┣ 📂inference
 ┃ ┣ 📂model
 ┣ 📂data
 ┃ ┣ 📜credit.csv
 ┃ ┗ 📜credit_infer.csv
 ┣ 📂images
 ┣ 📂notebooks
 ┃ ┣ 📜D1-D2.ipynb
 ┃ ┣ 📜Data Scientist Notebook.ipynb
 ┃ ┗ 📜Learner_Notebook.ipynb
 ┣ 📂scripts
 ┃ ┣ 📜exploration.py
 ┃ ┣ 📜infer.py
 ┃ ┣ 📜prep.py
 ┃ ┣ 📜prep_infer.py
 ┃ ┗ 📜train.py
 ┣ 📜env.yaml
 ┗ 📜writeup.md 


 Notebooks contain the three notebooks
 1. D1-D2.ipynb (For instructor use)
 2. Data Scientist Notebook.ipynb (Learner and instructor use)
 3. Learner_Notebook.ipynb (Learner only, to be guided by instructor)

 The scripts directory contains the scripts to be created in the class. These have been build and described in the `D1-D2.ipynb`

 The assets directory will hold the assets generated by the ml pipeline go through `D1-D2.ipynb` for more detail.

 The `env.yaml` has the details in relevant python packages. You can use this to generate a conda environment to run the notebooks and scripts.

 The instructor is free to modify the contents and flow, this is an indicative guide on how to conduct the sessions.